We went here at age 22 according to this bed, the beginning of the bed, and we went and this
time the teachings, according to the point of view of Dzogchen teaching, all the schools
and all the teachings are mentally related, practicing on the mind to mind, so it's mind.
It's called subduing the mind by the mind.
That means ego clinging is mind, like egoless, for example, egolessness taught is also mind,
so the mind will help to present the ego, taught, both are taught, but one taught is
more important than the other taught, so mind to the mind.
In the Muhyengar bhathantara teaching mentioned, that is subdued by the mind to the mind, subduing.
So all the Adhyana's teachings are mind to help by the mind to the mind.
All the Adhyana's teachings, that started from the foundation teachings of the Buddhism
and all the way, and that also included here as the non-buddhist schools too.
All is connected with mind, mindly and making, trying to find the truth exactly as should
try to, and then use all the different interpretations, the different techniques, which is of
course
really helping various supporters, but is just still according to the point of view of
the Adhyana teaching, particularly Dzokhi teaching, it is the letter delaying our total
achievement and realization, it is in a way to be a kind of making some detours in its
teachings, so it is detours.
And as we went yesterday, all one after another, another at a really kind of an essential point
of view, and then yesterday we were in the mind-only schools.
Mind-only schools are generally Mahayana teaching.
Mahayana, sort of Mahayana teaching is known as in, according to the non-Adhyana level,
it is called bodhisattva yanas.
And bodhisattva, you all know, bodhisattva is the practitioners of the Mahayanas, but
regularly who have the bodhisattva thought, love and kindness compare your thought for
all living beings and activated that ceremony and called vows, take the vows with the bodhisattva
and then very determined to really prefer that vow by the practicing of the two accumulations
of the six paramata practices, and that is the bodhisattva yanas, so courageous for enlightenment.
That has then, has two groups, in the two groups, those are known as mind-only schools
and Mademaka schools, so we went yesterday, let me read about mind-only schools.
Mind-only schools, you say, philosophy, everything is come from created by the mind, our own
mind.
That means each of all the experience, usage, everything is really the mind.
But there is a tree, even though it is the mind created by the mind, but there is a tree.
There is, for example, three habit patterns that we went yesterday.
Habit patterns of the universe, habit patterns of the consciousness and habit patterns of
them, one's own physical condition, those three habit patterns, we went there.
And what are the habit patterns of the universe?
Habit patterns of the universe and the teaching making is all the world, the universe world,
including five objects of them, five objects of the senses.
What are those?
Those are the poem, song, smell, trust, taste, and touch, those are the five objects of the
senses.
And then what is the poem and the second habit pattern is developed by the, I think maybe
I translated as subject, subject, and what is that?
Those are the ad consciousness, ad consciousness, all that.
And the target really then, good karma and bad karma.
Those are known as the habit patterns of the subject as I translated, nih, dong.
And then next one is the habit pattern of the poems, that each individually poems, our poems,
whatever the poems we have, human beings has human being poems, animal has animal poems,
all these different poems, whatever they have, poems.
And that is the habit pattern of the poem, triggered with their kind of limbs and soft
limbs and all those are named as the habit pattern of the poems or the bodies, those are.
So that is developed.
However, this also, even though it is developed, when it is developed from the biggest, biggest
times, there is no really time, even no time, it's just so long time it will develop because
it become really, because of that, it becomes solid, solid.
The way that happened now is, oh, even though it is our mind, but it has become kind of
like subject, our subject and object, it become very distant, distant.
Object is become, become as object and another thing, subject is a subject and another entity,
and they both become kind of like distant, as a definition.
Therefore, even though his mind is mentally developed, but this object is not as, like
our really mind, this moment, it is the mind, developed by the mind, but it becomes as like
separate entity in a way, because of due to the habit pattern.
What is mind is our perceived thought, whatever we think.
It has two things, when we look to the object.
It has the appearance of the object part and the appearance of the subject part.
The appearance of the subject part is mind.
And the appearance of the object part is not mind, because it is more connected with habit
pattern in that extent, so it is not exactly mind, mind.
On her head, there is also some other Sangha members making that, that how come every day
is a mind, for example, some days burning, burning house is taken in a fire, how we can
say that is your mind, mind, it is true.
That what we see, that image is our mind, what perceiving is mind, but that burning house
is object, it is not as house, even though according, mind only, it is developed, and
developed that so big long time, but it is so distant because of habit pattern, so it
is not, not that object is immediately mind.
And that, for example, when we die, we die, it is only dissolving our aspect of the perception
of the subject, aspect of the perceiving things, not that we don't carry things, and not dissolve
where the old object has gone, still the object is here, outside, exactly as it was, or at
least on our perceiving status.
So those are the strengths that are named in the mind on the school, and the way they
explain it is like three things, again, three things, by operating three things, I think
many of you, maybe you read that, those books, books, and that is called nominated, nominated,
nomination, and is in twitter, that is very famous, kind of like system, brains, all everything
in the mind only, so kumta is, I am translating, as nominations, and the giving is the, giving
is the power of the others, others, of course I translate that, and the yundal is ultimately
existing, so those are three, three things, and what is, nomination means, we are nominated
by the duality, when things are arising, what things are reflecting to the ad consciousness
or the mental stages, as arising, we nominated different names and labels, and identities,
and all that, that is called nominations, it is all, everything is a nomination, nomination
is not something solid existing, it is really truly, but we made up that, our mind made
up, and each different country has different names, different systems, and all that, that,
it is not something, comes with that object, yet it will be nominated, that is a nominations,
nomination, and that is just a roughly idea, I am just talking roughly, you can explore
more, and then the other powers, what that means, other powers, that nomination is where
this is reflecting, twitter, ad consciousness, that nomination, all that object, all those
nominations, whatever that, whether it is a poem, song, smell, touch, whatever thought,
and conservative thought, all is reflected to the ad consciousness, so ad consciousness
is, and what in the teaching said, other powers, followed by the other phenomenas, phenomenas
things that, so is the other power, that is, then ultimately what, ultimately is the awareness,
the mind which is pre-pronged to dualities, that is the ultimate status, those are very
famous philosophies of the mind-only school, mind-only school is in the many, many masters
say really is so profound philosophy, and profound practices is very deep, and because
it is taught by, also is a radio course, taught by the Buddha, the originality, but then re-stinted
,
by the, by the, or re-glorified and activated by the, by the, by the many great masters,
such as Vasubendus, Dharmakheti, Ajaya, Dengnas, I mean, all those famous, and also Asangas too,
many masters say that too, but anyway, it's really very famous schools, schools, and it
is Mahayana and the Bodhisattva, developing Bodhisattva and practicing, practicing six
paramata accumulated to merit, and purifying completely obscurations, removing for obscurations,
and reaching enlightenment, and achieving the four Gaias and the three Gaias as the same
as other schools, so that is, what is, is the only difference here, the, in their schools,
according to teaching, but in the book Lord and the masters always say that, it's different
is because they ultimately accept that there is existing, the subtle consciousness, that
is the love, the best of everything, for that reason, mind only school, and the mind which
is free from the duality, that is the only thing.
The next stage is, so here, so that is the next stage is the Mademaka, Mademaka, Eperhendry,